GOAL: Programing a neural network to recognize handwritten letters and convert them to typed text. 

SEGMENTATION PROBLEM: Figuring out where one letter ends and another begins, because the handwriting can be messy and uneven. 

**step0:data collection!**very important.

**step1:find or create a labeled dataset to train our neural network.**

(Splitting our dataset into the training set and the testing set.

training set: train the neural network.

testing set: data that’s kept hidden from the neural network during training, which can be used to check the network’s accuracy.)

dataset:the Extended Modified National Institute of Standards and Technology dataset.(EMNIST)

MAKE SURE TO KEEP TRAINING AND TESTING DATASETS SEPARATE.

a machine learning methon:PREPROCESSING

Performing a transformation to make the data easier to process. Different types of data need different preprocessing steps.

**step2:create a neural network.**

Configure AI with an input layer, some number of hidden layers, and the ability to output a number corresponding to its letter prediction. 

Sticking with a multi-layer perceptron neural network (MLP).

Libraries:tools in Python, which can use to help make the network. 

eg.SKLearn(Sci Kit Learn), which includes a bunch of different machine learning algorithms, like Multi-Layer Perceptron algorithms.
iteration=epoch(in specific algorithm)迭代

WE can access decades of research with one line of code.

Drawback: we don’t have a lot of control over what’s happening under the hood. 

**step3:Train, test, and tweak our code until we feel that it’s accurate enough.** 

For every epoch, program prints a number called **the error of the loss function**, which represents how wrong the network was overall.(we want to see this number going down with each epoch. )

We care about how well the network does on the testing dataset, which shows how good our network is at dealing with data that it’s never seen before.

To see if we can improve our accuracy, we can program a slightly different neural network. More epochs, more hidden layers, and more neurons in the hidden layers could help, but the tradeoff is that things will be a bit slower.

**step4:Scan handwritten pages and use our newly trained neural network to convert them into typed text!**
