AI won’t really understand anything, but it did a really good job of finding and copying patterns.

When we teach any AI system to understand and produce language, we’re really asking it to find and copy patterns in some behavior.

STEP1:PREPROCESSING

a computer can only process data as numbers!

Split sentences into words, and convert words into numbers.

TOKENIZATION: the process of splitting a sentence into a list of lexical tokens. 

MORPHOLOGY: the way a word gets shape-shifted to match a tense, like you’d add an”ED” to make something past tense, or when you shorten or combine words to make them totes-amazeballs. 

STEMMING（词干提取）: a process that removes a lot of extra word endings, like ED, ING, or LY,etc.

STEP2: set up the model

①Convert the sentences into lists of numbers.

We want one word for every lexical type, so we’ll build a dictionary that assigns every word in our vocabulary a number.

②split data into pieces call batches.

(because the model can read a bunch of words at the same time.)

A simple language model that takes in a few words and tries to complete the rest of the sentence.

Ⅰ.an embedding matrix: a big list of vectors, a big table of numbers(each row corresponds to a different word).

Ⅱ.a recurrent neural network or RNN(a model can use vectors intelligently)

Perplexity: the **average number of guesses** the model makes before it predicts the right answer. 

STEP4: inference: the part of AI where the machine gets to make some choices. 

DO WHAT?

Outputting a single label or prediction?×

Producing a bunch of scores or probabilities.

A BRANCHING DIAGRAM OF POSSIBILITIES

What the model can produce and what we want aren’t necessarily the same thing.

WE NEED SENTENCE, MODEL TELL US THE SCORE.

Sort the results by the probability of the full sentences, and see which sentences are best overall.

Existed problem:

①dataset: we need more examples or we have to cut out a lot of “rare words” during training.

②AI models are missing the understanding we have as humans.People fill the blank without according to the posibility.
