RECOMMANDER SYSTEMS:

A type of  AI that try to understand our brains and make useful recommendations to us.

Maybe we get caught in an online bubble:

only see tweets from our friends and people who think like us.

Maybe we miss a new TV show because streaming sites don’t think we’d like it.

Maybe that creepy thing happens where you’re talking to your friends about supercomputers and then every single and you see for the next day is for supercomputers.

Collaborative flitering uses unsupervised learning to find similar people of content and tries to use data from those things to predict how we would feel about something we haven’t even seen yet.

HOW IT WORKS?

To make a prediction, the algorithm needs to look at which other people have subscribed to the art assginment.

Algorithm focus on finding the users who are most similar to the very person.

Finding similar things is a classic unsupervised learning problem.

Our AI can look at all the rows, cluster together similar users, and then pick some of those that are most similar to the very person, and who have seen the art assignment.

A class supervised learning problem: training an AI to make predictions based on past examples.

Recommender systems :

use collaborative filtering AI can take in lots of different data, not just a 1 or a 0.

A movie rating site might use a one-to-five rating system.

THE BASIC STRATEGY: use known information from users to predict preferences.

Three key problems that lead to RS making small or big mistakes.

Doing any kind of analysis with sparse datasets is very computationally intense ,which gets enpensive →some company lose accuracy to reduce costs.

Recommendations may stereotype users in a socially uncomfortable way.

How to build recommender systems:

Think explicitly about the trade-offs that are involved.

Deciding how to define the clusters of users or items, create more or less personalized spaces.

